[7.1.0] Update Kafka-Connector doc with Avro Message support (#2783)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/kafka-connector/3.1.x/kafka-connector-producer-example.md

# Kafka Connector Example

Given below is a sample scenario that demonstrates how to send messages to a Kafka broker via Kafka topics. The publishMessages operation allows you to publish messages to the Kafka brokers via Kafka topics.

## What you'll build

Given below is a sample API that illustrates how you can connect to a Kakfa broker with the `init` operation and then use the `publishMessages` operation to publish messages via the topic. It exposes Kakfa functionalities as a RESTful service. Users can invoke the API using HTTP/HTTPs with the required information.

> API has the context `/publishMessages`. It will publish messages via the topic to the Kafka server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API has the `/publishMessages` context. It publishes messages via the topic to the Kafka server.
```

The following diagram illustrates all the required functionality of the Kafka service that you are going to build.

<img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/KafkaConnectorPublishMessage.png" title="KafkaConnector" width="800" alt="KafkaConnector"/>

If you do not want to configure this yourself, you can simply [get the project](#get-the-project) and run it.

## Set up Kafka

Before you begin, set up Kafka by following the instructions in [Setting up Kafka](setting-up-kafka.md).

## Configure the connector in WSO2 Integration Studio

Follow these steps to set up the Integration Project and the Connector Exporter Project.

{!references/connectors/importing-connector-to-integration-studio.md!}

> 1. Right click on the created Integration Project and select **New** -> **Rest API** to create the REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Right-click the created Integration Project and select **New** -> **Rest API** to create the REST API.
```
